the stock market has continued to rise
throughout a time when much uncertainty
is present no hard data has presented
itself instead the market has relied on
Soft Data the anticipation of growth and
beneficial reform the question is what
is responsible for this rise you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to look at
the markets I want to show you a few
charts stay with me as we look at this
to begin with the Dow Jones clearly
making new highs all the
time and essentially what we have
here is something that those invested in
the stock market either refuse to
believe refuse to talk about or quite
simply ignore
$200 billion is being printed every
single month by central banks around the
world this money printing does not act
linearly the money is printed and it
will
eventually find its way around the
world it may take 2 years it may take
longer it may take a second we don't
know
and there's no way to really trace it it
just simply happens it gets slashed and
slushed
around and it will find its way into a
particular asset whether that is
Commodities or housing or equities you
lose control of it that's the central
banks and this is what they want to do
they want assets to rise they don't care
which ones
necessarily as long as they
can have the system continue you always
need a bubble to be
expanding that's very very clear anyway
that's what's happening right now I have
more on that just hang in there for a
moment as you look at this the stock
market's rising and as I have said many
times
before it is not all
stocks that are pushing the market
higher it is not even all stocks in
particular sectors which have pushed the
market higher it is Select stocks in
each of the sectors some of the sectors
I should say that have been pushing this
Market higher look at this Facebook
Amazon Microsoft Apple and Google make
up now over a
10% of the entire US market
cap as a percentage we're looking at 10%
that's massive when you think about the
amount of
money that is accumulated as a result of
just five stocks that's massive that's
huge and this rise that we have seen has
been going on since 2013 that they're
showing here in practically a straight
line upward
and what we know about these
stocks is that they
basically don't pay
tax they have favorable
regulations they have their alumni in
the highest positions of power in the
government we know that these
politicians meet with the individuals at
the highest positions in these companies
behind closed doors all the time and we
know that there are
nefarious plans which go on which have
been going on for quite some time with
these companies little pieces of
information happen to release and we
find out that these products and
services that these companies have just
so happens to be giving information to
the
government and should it surprise
anybody that these corporations among
many many others is just these are an
example are the ones Rising dramatically
these are the ones who are the arm of
the
government and that's just the way it is
now if you're invested in these let's
just say you put your money in in
2013 and today it is significantly
higher and you would
say that
you have made money and you are happy
about it then good for you you've done
great congratulations and I mean that
with honesty that's not what I teach in
this YouTube channel at this time I
think it's too risky and I also at the
same time do not like funding this
system that's my
personal um my personal opinion on this
do what you think I think that the stock
market if you want my opinion this is
just an opinion I think the stock market
can continue to rise for the foreseeable
future do I recommend that you buy in no
but that's just me let's move on really
quickly here before I start
ranting the msci all country World index
stocks as a whole have been rising if
you take it just from the Trump's
election Victory they've been rising in
but also since 2013 it has been rising
it's very clear what has happened as
I've said when you print
money you can do miraculous
things but I want to note three things
in particular and that is financial
analysts have been caught being paid to
promote individual stocks that that is a
fact it hasn't happened just one time or
two times or five times or 10 times it
has happened over and over again it has
happened in multiple countries and the
information has been very clear that
these individuals these uh news websites
these TV channels including
Forbes and many others I I showed you
here not that long ago are actually
being paid to provide you false
information so that you pick that stock
over another that you think that stock
is great and guess what a lot of these
stocks are the ones that are
rising so is it necessarily bad advice
well that's up to you to
decide people in the finance industry
are working as salesmen to push
particular products as I've shown you
with the example of Canada where you
have individuals who are Financial
managers taking your money and
supposedly investing it on your behalf
are in fact just pushing individual
funds individual stocks or what have you
and the companies obviously get their
orders from the higher ups and they say
push the tech stocks for example because
they know that's a basket of all of the
highest probably including all of these
five
stocks and these are the ones getting
pushed higher again so they get it from
all angles what about the next one that
Central Bank incentive programs lift
these individual stocks that is a
confirmation that we know that the
central banks around the world print
money and buy equities that's not a
conspiracy that's not a theory that is
in fact what is going
on are you invested in one of these five
stocks once again
are you making money in them do you feel
that it should be where your money
should be
kept if you want that then go ahead by
all means but I'm just trying to show
you why they're Rising do whatever you
want there's a lot of people on this
channel I shouldn't say a lot of people
a small percentage of people that have
big mouths that
will just reject
any
possibility that anything ever could go
wrong that this is a Perpetual
boom well as I've said do what you want
I'm just trying to show individuals why
it's happening I'm just trying to dig a
Little Deeper I don't give you advice on
what you should buy that's up to you I
think that I have a better strategy
which I call the money GPS strategy
basically to evade the entire monetary
system but in these videos all I'm
trying to show you is going a little
deeper why it's all happening because
you don't get that in the mainstream so
I hope you appreciate
that all right let's move on quickly
here you're looking at the S&P versus
the case Schiller you're looking at
basically the San Francisco home price
compared to the S&P what about this
how do we Define bubble well note the
symmetry of the bubble rise and duration
five to six years 5 to 6 years we are
seeing the same thing
occurring could this in fact be yet
again
another crash up ahead I don't know I
don't think that the housing
prices would crash
should there
be
a any change in interest rates if we're
not going to get dramatic rate increases
I don't think that the housing prices
will de decline I just think that it's
all based around or primarily based
around the interest rates people are
buying homes they can't afford and
that's just the way it is they're saying
the post bubble crash retrace 70% of the
entire bubble and I am under the
assumption
that they are predicting yet again I'm
not saying that because I believe that
as I've said interest rates are a key
indicator in this case what do you
think oh
Bitcoin once again hitting near this
all-time high of 1300 and it has since
retraced it steps a little backwards why
though is the question and I will show
you right
here once again they're talking about
the
potential for a Bitcoin related
ETF and it's the I'll probably butcher
the name but the vinl Vos Bitcoin
trust commodity based trust shares
they're trying to get this to happen and
ETA ETF based on bitcoin whether or not
it's going to happen I don't know but
that has really been that leg up uh
recently that we have seen and a lot of
individuals are still putting a lot of
funds behind Bitcoin right now certainly
more mature but there's no doubt it has
been very volatile so I would say to
everyone to proceed with
caution looking at
this when we see climate change I'm not
even going to talk about climate change
I've done videos about it before all I
want to note is that there's always this
talk about how the climate is
changing it's not warming anymore it's
changing whatever that you know when I
go to bed maybe I'll just use a little
bit of sarcasm here I have
to when I go to bed I find that it gets
cooler but in like the middle of the day
it's warmer I mean that's the climate is
changing and like when the clouds are
out that it's cooler but then the clouds
move aside and then it's
warmer so I guess it's like a climate
change happening right well that's what
they're saying um apparently and
according to this
group of Executives wanting to fight
global
warming they are saying that we need to
pay
300-600 billion a year to fight global
warming pay us
money and we will stop climate
change I don't understand how printing
up I mean if you're going to print up
money that's a printing press that
uses your carbon emissions I guess then
with carbon taxes it's going to fix that
I mean I'm not really getting it we're
talking about trillions of
dollars in fact they suggest 15 trillion
dollars in
total to be able to save the planet
print
money to save the planet I I get it I
think I get it now makes
sense I I think
so if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up if you hate
my face if you hate my voice give me a
thumbs
down last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative I have noticed more
people have been getting into the global
economic collapse book in the past uh
couple months since it's released
definitely seen some interest there that
book is about more what what I call the
money GPS strategy and that is how to
evade the monetary system by coming by
becoming self-sufficient the first book
talks about the asset classes and how to
profit from them so they're basically
two separate books while they are sort
of linked together with some familiar
Concepts if you want to look through
them just go over to Amazon where they
have a look inside feature that will
allow you to flip through the pages of
these books to see if you like them take
care